(mellow guitar music)
Alright, in this video
we have an assignment for you.
And what we wanna do is go in
and Refactor the Recipe and Ingredient Controllers.
Now, what we wanna do is update the controller,
the RecipeController, to return a reactive type
for the 'show' url only,
and also, we wanna do the same thing
for the Ingredient Controller.
So if you remember, the index does
the list of recipes for us,
the Index Controller does that,
but the Ingredient Controller has a list function on that,
so we wanna be returning reactive types for that.
And also do the show.
And so these types, these controller methods
will have round trip, fully reactive from MongoDB
to the timely view layer.
So that will give us a full reactive stack
for the show functions here.
And the next thing we wanna do also
is, we are generating a UOM list from the Mongo database,
and that's also a candidate where
we can use reactive types also.
Let's go ahead and refactor that as well.
And I think by now you should
be getting comfortable with reactive types.
If you're not comfortable just yet, don't worry.
The next video, we are gonna
go through everything step by step,
I'll show you exactly what to do
in completing this assignment.
And we will get these controller methods
going full stack reactive for us.